<메인페이지 텍스트>

People are struggling to live in a polluted world.
A time comes where one of the few discovers the first mysterious fruit ‘HULLY Berry’.
You have the choice to take the fruit and become a ‘HULLY’.
As a HULLY, you will be evolved and ready for a new world.
HULLY opens a new world in a Metaverse.

HULLY is giving out information to desperate people and humanity is given a chance to go back in time.

Will you choose to be a HULLY, be granted with all the freedom and adventure?
Or will you just remain as a normal human and be left to die*?



HULLY Universe is a community for subculture underdogs of users in each field.

For HULLY Universe community members, the Universe will issue a total of
10,000 HULLY NFT cards and provide various benefits such as voting rights.

In HULLY Universe, various influencers representing global subcultures participate as HULLY.

Based on HULLY Universe Story, the community will be developed, and
HULLY Land (social community metaverse service) will be launched in the first quarter of 2022.

With the revitalization of HULLY Land's virtual economy, more users and
creators are influx, and the foundation supports creators who have not settled down.




<스토리 오브 헐리>

<OPINNING>
As the COVID-18 pandemic spread on the Earth in 2019,
people are dying at an alarming rate. Humanity had failed to develop
a treatment for COVID-18. Nations all around the world are helplessly collapsing
The one’s who survived scattered to try to live another day, leaving the cities that is rampant and ruined by the (infectious) disease.
The world’s social functions are now lost.

<#1>
It seems like there is no hope for humanity. But suddenly on October 2021,
few of the survivors finds an enormous tree that has a special berry with mysterious energy.
The few who found this, lured by its mysterious energy, takes a bite. What’s this?
The people who took the berries felt they were loaded with powerful energy for the first time in their lives.

<#2>
They were now tired of fear and hunger. They took a bite at the berry and shouted “HULL SHIT!”
Several days have passed, and their appearance started to change. They were given with new abilities.
They did not look like a human being anymore, but their abilities were beyond normal, without any limitations.
Including the first few who took the berry, the total number of berry reached 10,000.

<#3>
They are able to do whatever they want.
Nothing is impossible because they overcame the limitations of normal human capabilities.
They are amazed of themselves, and started to call themselves ‘HULLY’.
HULLY appears in front of the dying humanity. The hell for mankind is a playground for HULLY HULLY are invulnerable even in front of virus carriers.
HULLY shares the information about the HULLY TREE and HULLY BERRY.
The believers of this information, the ones who took and ate the berry becomes a HULLY.
They are now free from everything.

<#4>
The world is destroyed and cannot recover.
Now, there are no more berry left. Only Hully is a survivor.
Now people can be Hully for a short time
only if they get Hullyshot that Hully made

<#5>
Hully gives information to desperate people,
and the people have a chance to go back to the time.
Do they decide to be Hully and enjoy all the freedom?
Or do they decide to remain as human beings and die?
